Mr. Gao, what do you want to do?
What's up?
Of course, I want to communicate my feelings with Mr. Zhang
Mr. Zhang
This $50 million contract
The decision is in my hands
If you pay me for three days
I'll sign a contract with you right now
Gao Tianpeng, you are so shameless
I see your face now
Feel dangerous
Zhang Xueyao
Don't you forget
The decision on this contract is in my hands
If the contract cannot be signed due to your reasons
You have to compensate 100 million for liquidated damages.
You choose.
Are you with me for three days?
Or compensate 100 million liquidated damages
Don't try to threaten me
I will directly contact President Wang Shuting
I want it.
Now I realize it's too late.